feat: [CDS-68203]: input variables support for http step (#1712)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/utilities/http-step.md

You can copy the key and paste it in the HTTP step **Header** setting. For more information, go to [add and manage API keys](/docs/platform/User-Management/add-and-manage-api-keys).

## Input variables

> Create input variables to be used by other fields within the step. The **Value** setting can contain fixed values, expressions or inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create input variables that can be used by other fields within the step. The **Value** setting can contain fixed values, expressions, or runtime inputs.
```

> These variables can be used by other fields like URL using the expression ```<+spec.inputVariables.variable_name>``` or ```<+step.spec.inputVariables.variable_name>```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These variables can be used by other fields like URLs by using the following expression: 

```<+spec.inputVariables.variable_name>``` or ```<+step.spec.inputVariables.variable_name>```
```

![](./static/http-step-06.png)

> ## Output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Output variables
```

You can copy the key and paste it in the HTTP step **Header** setting. For more information, go to [add and manage API keys](/docs/platform/User-Management/add-and-manage-api-keys).

## Input variables

Create input variables that can be used by other fields within the step. The **Value** setting can contain fixed values, expressions, or runtime inputs.

> These variables can be used by other fields like URLs by using the following expression: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These variables can be used by other fields like URLs by using the following expressions: 
```
